Aardwolf

Some applications require their input on the commandline, yet produce no output to a terminal window. Most archivers (eg zip) behave in this way. Some of these applications also have means of being launched from Tracker (eg Archives are launched through Expander). Aardwolf is a generic means for performing this task.

I wrote Aardwolf in order to launch postscript files with Ghostview, which only takes files on the commandline, however it may be useful for many other tasks.

There are two applications "Aardwolf" is the utility to launch files, "AardwolfConfig" allows you to associate commands with MIME-Types.

There are compiled versions for r4/x86
It will not compile for r3 without some tweaking ( I use things like LockLooper() ), but it should be simple to get working for r4/PPC. If you do compile it for PPC, please let me know so I can add it to the distribution.

Aardwolf
This is intended to be associated with a particular file-type. It is written to open any type, but you should modify your filetypes database to associate with MIME-types as you find appropriate. The easiest way to do this, is to launch a file of that type (eg a postscript file) and then when Tracker informs you that there is no application for that filetype, "Select and make preferred" Aardwolf.

AardwolfConfig
Before Aardwolf can actually do anything with a file though, it must know how to respond to that filetype. AardwolfConfig is used for that. Double-Click on the AardwolfConfig application to launch it. Click the "Add" button to add a new type. For the "type" field enter the exact MIME-type for the files you wish to open (eg "application/postscript") and then the full commandline for the commandline application as the "command" (eg /boot/apps/Ghostscript/gs" )
Click OK, and quit from AardwolfConfig.

[NB: You can use a "%s" in the command to refer to the path of the file being opened. eg "make -f %s 2> /tmp/make.err"]

Licence
Aardwolf is released under the GNU General Public Licence, version 2, the contents of which may be found in the file "copyleft" included in this distribution.
Source is included. There are plenty of possible improvements, although I have no current plans to extend the application, as it now serves my needs. However if anyone wants to send me patches, I will intergrate them and re-release Aardwolf. 

Also included are files in the folder named "icons" these are merely a few icons I use for files, use them if you would like.
